 The Elvenking and The Little Bird
Cerpen Karangan: Dee AnneKategori: Cerpen Bahasa Inggris Lolos moderasi pada: 2 June 2018 In an Elven kingdom in the far-east, winter has come.
The snow colored the whole scene into white.
In one of the palace balconies, the King was enjoying the view in front of him.
Winter has always been his favorite season.
Because the mist that descends makes the forest landscape becomes more enchanted.
From a distance seem a flash of shadow.
Longer, it gets closer and clearer.
The King did not believe what he saw.
A small bird flew from the west, then stopped to greet the King.
The King welcomes the little bird with kindness.
Allowing the little bird to sit on his fingers.
“What are you doing out here in the winter, little bird?” The king asked.
“You should sleep in your warm nest.” “Praise to the King,” said the little bird.
“I just came back from a long trip, my lord.” “A long trip?” The little bird nodded.
“Amazing,” said the king.
“I’m sure, that would be a great story you can share with your family.” “I know it.” “You say you just came back from the west?” “Right, my lord.” “Then, do you see my son on your way here?” “Ah, yes!
I see the Prince riding fast to the west.” “If it so, he’s already on the right path.” “But, my lord, where will the Prince go in the winter like this?” Asked the little bird.
“He’s getting away from his house.” “I sent him away,” the King replied.
“there’s a job has to do.” “Cannot it wait until the winter passes, my lord?” “I’m worried, if it waits longer, it will be too late.” “I’m flying home, but the Prince just drove away,” said the little bird regretted.
The king smiled.
“No need to worry.
He’ll be back soon.” “I hope so.” “It seems, you really like my son.” “Of course, my lord.
The Prince’s so friendly to every animals around the kingdom.” “Nice to know that.” “Exactly, where did you send your son, my Lord?” “To the Dark Forest on the Mainland.” “Dark Forest?
Isn’t that place so dangerous?” the little birds’ shock.
“No Human dares to enter the forest, they say, an evil witch lives there.” The king smiled again.
“There’s nothing to fear for my kin,” he said.
“I see.
But, why did you send your son to go there, my Lord?” “Some old friends need help.” “Help for what?” “To hunting witch.” Cerpen Karangan: Dee Anne Facebook: facebook.com/dee.anne.5 ini cerpen bahasa inggris pertama saya.
harap maklum jika masih banyak yang salah.
Cerpen The Elvenking and The Little Bird merupakan cerita pendek karangan Dee Anne, kamu dapat mengunjungi halaman khusus penulisnya untuk membaca cerpen cerpen terbaru buatannya.
apntag.anq.push(function() { apntag.showTag('outstream_1'); });
"Kamu suka cerpen ini?, Share donk ke temanmu!"
Share ke Facebook Twitter Google+ « Bahagia dalam Kesendirian (Sebelumnya) | (Selanjutnya) Our Love Story » " Baca Juga Cerpen Lainnya! "
Let’s Play Together Oleh: Nabila Alifiana Syahidah “Lets play football.
We kick, and run, and have some fun” said Digi the Dog.
Jira the Giraffe wanted to join the game.
“No, no… You are too tall!”
De Paradiso I’m On My Break Heart Oleh: Rif'atul Mahmudah Hatiku terasa tak tenang, gundah kurasa.
Setiap denyut jantungku berdetak aku semakin merasa tak tenang.
Khawatir.
Yah kurasa kurang lebih demikian.
Selain itu aku diliputi ketakutan yang merasuki ujung
Aku Sakit (Je Suis Malade) (Part 1) Oleh: Didi Yuliyono Je suis malade, c’est ça, je suis malade Tu m’as privée de tous mes chants Tu m’as vidée de tous mes mots Et j’ai le cour complètement malade Cerné
The Chokepoint Oleh: Adri A Wisnu Corporal Ramsey bends on his knees, trying to catch a breath that might be his last.
He’s coughing blood, caused by a fatal wound on his chest.
It was
Unmentionable Oleh: Anna Amanda Every human must have got into trouble in their life.
Trouble exist to make us better, if we think it further and can solve it with all of high
“Hai!, Apa Kamu Suka Bikin Cerpen Juga?” "Kalau iya... jangan lupa buat mengirim cerpen cerpen hasil karyamu ke kita ya!, melalui halaman yang sudah kita sediakan di sini.
Puluhan ribu penulis cerpen dari seluruh Indonesia sudah ikut meramaikan cerpenmu.com loh, bagaimana dengan kamu?"
Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked *Comment Name *  Email *  Website
